---
pilot: "[[Cooper Ellys]]"
---
	To talk about Cooper, we should probably start by talking about her father. Chrom Ellys was a lancer himself, the product of some genetic engineering from some shadowy group that was happy to stay out of his life afterward– except for the odd undisclosed favor here and there, of course. Chrom filled the rest of his time with… well, we’ll get to that. For now, we’ll say he did pretty well for himself, married Cooper’s mom, and set up a residence in the city, managing a consortium of mines that he semi-illicitly owned. 

	The division of responsibility in the family was that Cooper, her younger sister, and her mom would cover the home front, and her dad would go off to do lancer things and handle “business”, only infrequently coming home. It’s probably fair to think of him as having a rather 1920’s view of fatherhood: a good provider, but authoritarian, distant, and sometimes domineering or callous. Cooper didn’t enjoy the dutiful daughter, but the times she had to do it were infrequent enough, and she had a happy enough childhood mostly staying out of his way. She spent her time exploring the city and slumming with her friends, spending most of her considerable allowance paying various bribes to keep them (and occasionally herself) out of trouble. It would be years before Cooper or her mother understood the full extent of what her father was really doing.
	
	What he was doing, basically, was becoming one of the de facto kings of the planet’s underworld.

	The planet, which I’ve been calling Eschaton but could be relocated/reflavored, is fairly Earthlike and about a third of the size. It’s what would happen if the Gilded Age took hold somewhere and never really stopped: think 1930’s tech with mass industrialization aided by investment trickling in from Union, with an elite class of oil barons and other captains of industry, whose activities bleed slowly from business ventures into sprawling Chicago mob-style criminal enterprises. Wealth inequality is staggering and graft is even worse, with most of the post-scarcity largesse siphoned off by corporate barons to reinforce their positions. Government is nominally a republic, but it’s so choked that it’s functionally a slightly-rotating oligarchy. It’s quite peripheral, such that having even five mechs on the surface at one time would constitute an extremely busy day. Chrom, with a mech there full-time, found himself uniquely positioned to shop his services around to all sorts of wealthy people in need of some hard power that was both virtually unstoppable and plausibly deniable. The other powers-that-be essentially guaranteed his monopoly: if anyone else had tried to organize the independent ventures that he did, one of the great corporations would swallow them up. But Chrom’s mech was a counterthreat no one with pre-WWII weapons was prepared to meet, at least not for very long. Soon, Chrom was working with groups of people who would never have worked directly with each other, weaving grey- and black- market ventures that spanned a continent.
	
	This went on for years, until Cooper was about nineteen, when her father died under mysterious circumstances– he was found unmoving and apparently uninjured in his mech, already cold. It quickly became clear that his death was quite a bit more mysterious than it originally seemed: apparently, Chrom had availed himself of illicit cloning technologies, probably on the say-so of whoever originally sponsored his modifications. There had been more than ten Chroms running around, each one carrying the threat of mech deployment wherever he went. Most of them had families. All of them were involved in different ventures to different degrees, and involved with each other to varying degrees. And, on that March day, all of them dropped dead without warning. 
	
	The infidelities and new relations were a nasty shock, but nothing compared to the planet-wide fiasco of untangling Chrom’s estate. There was money attached to tons of things, many of which were tied to secrets that could topple half the ruling class (and therefore eagerly pursued by the rest). Much of it was poorly documented or intentionally obscured. It wasn’t even clear if it was correct to treat Chrom as one person. Without much backing, Cooper and her mom walked away with very little, but for one bit of fortune– Cooper was the only child of any Chrom to show signs of Chrom’s own genetic enhancements. So, in exchange for a firm they were likely to lose anyway, what they got were Chrom’s licenses. 
	
	Since then, Cooper has been trying to unbury herself from the unsavory aspects of her dad’s past. Underneath all the estate divisions, there lurked a murkier world of deals her father had never committed to electronics, kept only in a hand-written notebook she recovered from a compartment in his mech. It was full of favors owed and credited; both were mostly to the kind of people Cooper would have been happy never to meet. It would be fair to call Cooper chaotic good, I think, but her chief motivation is getting clear of that stuff and starting her own life, as a lancer and otherwise: she’s tired of existing in a superposition of “fabulously wealthy” and “probably dead”, and worried that her family might get caught in the crosshairs if she gets complacent. The way she sees it, the more of her family’s old antagonists she can help or charm into being friends, the better off everyone will be– we’re all at least starting from the common ground of being kind of pissed at her dad. Anything that will help Cooper cross something off that list will get her where you need her to be, even if it’s off-planet. 
	
	A quick word about genetic engineering: I very intentionally didn’t sketch out the details of how Chrom became a lancer or what he was doing for whom. I’m aware this is riding the edge of what Lancer says about cloning, but I figure “Someone tries something on the edge of what’s possible, it works for a while, and then goes badly” is a perfectly fair plot. I do know that the main outward sign of Cooper’s abilities (improved reactions, etc) is her hair, which is mineral-green, grows very slowly, and has the toughness and some of the feel of fiber-optic cable. Her skin can also have a faint green patina in some lights.