---
pilot: "[[Veda Sulati]]"
---
		The last set of four hangar bays had red warning lights flashing and a passive message of 'potentially hostile' scrolling across the screen. It was the sort of thing usually reserved for malfunctioning mechs that might unload a few rounds haphazardly due to pressure or some fried wiring. It was also what they usually did for one pilot whose reputation preceded her. Veda Sulati was young - not uncommon for pilots especially out here - but the Sulati name was well-known for the late patriarch's achievements in extra-military skirmishes and bounties. With the stakes he played at, it was one failed job that ended him permanently.  
		Veda had either inherited or grown into her father's boisterous, self-confident approach to piloting. What she had inherited was his NHP, which she affectionately designated Raiju. Unlike the more common Sisyphus systems, something must have happened either with her tinkering or the late Sulati's last stand. Raiju was not a system you just shut down; in fact, the NHP had taken over the whole of Veda's Pegasus chassis like some amalgamated puppet. Or, at least, that's the rumors. Back Veda into a corner and Raiju would come for you, the Pegasus moving and arming without pilot intervention or action.  
		But those were just rumors, right? Plenty of weird things happened in the dark space between a pilot, their mech, and the NHP networks that behaved like a neural net interface. Plenty of things far weirder than rumors of yet another mech that moved and acted unbidden.
	
	(Veda's callsign is Tora. Her father's was one of three: Tora, Tiger, or Raijin)
	
	(Veda's dad died likely when she was about 10. She's been piloting since then. Nothing officially on the books until she was 12 or 13 tho)
    
    
---
    
    Beyond the hazard lights, the faint sounds of a drumline bounced between the metal walls. It wasn't rock and roll, and it wasn't exactly classical, though it certainly felt more towards the traditional side. A few flashes of light and stray sparks down the bays marked real activity. The bay surrounding the Sulati Pegasus looked less like a parking space and more like the storage unit the crazy uncle would rent to escape his roommates. There wasn't exactly a bed, but the pile of clothes and blankets were pretty indicative of intent. From one hook in the wall a piece of fabric hung down like a canopy, providing a dark spot from the overhead lights. There was even an electric kettle set next to a crockpot and a coffeepot, all over-plugged into an extension cord running into the Pegasus. Tools, all well-used and relatively well-kept but showing their age, were scattered around the area. It wasn't exactly unnerving to see the cockpit and 'head' region of the Pegasus turn towards your approach, though some people experienced a sinking of their stomachs if they'd then saw Veda with a laptop propped in one arm while the other typed standing beside the moving mech. The nineteen year old was dressed in brown, grease-stained overalls, one strap hanging loose with a series of wire cutters and tools peeking out of the various pockets. She did look up when a slight crackling noise somewhere between static and a person tsking boomed from a speaker that had to be tucked behind the Pegasus armor. The sound was chased by a mechanized voice, "_Approaching_." Veda looked up, surprised to see someone other than one of the techs or stationmasters approaching. "Y' lost?"
    
    "Nah." The teenage boy walking down the hall grinned, pointing up into the bay to his immediate right. "Just a neighbor!" His careworn military jumpsuit clashed slightly with his carefree demeanor; judging from his looks he probably wasn't behind her by more than a year, but he seemed younger anyway. He unslung his backpack taking care to put the omnihook computer terminal he'd been carrying gently against it, along one of the bay's large bulkheads. The bay he pointed to held another Horus frame, a Hydra-pattern whose four arms rested against its body, attached by clamps that wouldn't stand up to close scrutiny or conventional physics. Slithering sounds and odd bulges sometimes came from inside its hunched back, a mark of the pseudosentience that controlled its drones. If the Pegasus had a conscious mind of its own, then Hydra was dreaming. "I heard they put us down here and had to take a look." He noticed the Pegasus eyeing him, and took a single step back before giving it a friendly wave. "Heey, that's awesome. So, you're really Veda Sulati, huh? Name's Sully, nice to meet you."
    
    Veda peered into the bay he'd gestured, frowning lightly. "Must've come in during off hours. Hydra, with drones? You know they originally thought the drones would be used strictly for surveillance - suits always get shit wrong." "-_'Nice' is superfluous, state of perceived existence. We have now met._-" The Pegasus didn't move farther than it had already, though it pulled a laugh from Veda. "Always to the point, Raiju, fair enough. Yeah, I'm Veda. I **do** think it's nice to see someone not pissing themselves over tech that shouldn't surprise them." She took a few steps towards Sully, extending her hand. "You're stuck with us on the next job, from the bay assignment?"
    
    "I didn't know that! Although there are a ton of different ones-- mine's not that tricked out, and there's half a dozen kinds in there. Can see why they'd be tricky to work out." Sully laughed along with Veda as he shook her hand. "Yeah, he's got me there. But I figure, _either_ you guys don't make a habit out of rampaging around mech bays, _or_ somebody doesn't like me very much. And whichever one it is, I'm probably better off on your side." "Yeah, looks that way, if you got on contract yesterday. It sounds like a lot more fun, now that I know I'll get to see you in action."
    
    "Drones just feel like a lot to me. I'm impressed with anyone that can handle them, NHP-aided or not." She reached out the hand not balancing her laptop, and the Pegasus dipped its 'head' down to touch it gently. "Cut the taiko down, alright? Don't want to yell over the music." "-_Acquiesce._-" The music - a type of ancient drum pattern from the early days of Earth - faded into the background. "We're alright on mission. Raiju's rep is just off-the-field. Amazing the number of pilots who are happy to push around a kid and get real nervous when the heat shows up. I was always taught never to take a knife to a gun fight, and I like my guns big and incomprehensible." Veda shrugged lightly. "Sounds like we're in the same gig. And it sounds like an easy one with a desperate client." "-_Greater than 82.3% chance of higher than average payout. Stipend terms are credit only. Salvage during mission best course of action for new parts._" Veda rolled her eyes. "Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know, you corroded a feeder line when the last gun decided to warp in an acid bath. I already promised it'll get fixed after payout. It's a non-critical component, and you know it. You just want a new toy."