---
tags:
  - notes
---
We have arrived at a large spaceport; the capital city of [[Steralis]].

Steralis is fairly remote. It's a border Union planet, far enough out they have their own monarchy and as long as they don't make trouble, no one bothers them about it. Things at the province level are fairly autonomous. After the death of the previous king, there have been some power struggles and no regency has been defined yet. We've been summoned because there's some kind of group rebeling against the monarchy, and the group seems to be much better resourced than expected. Trying to research the struggles from off-planet is a little difficult because you can find records of incidents but no explanations of what triggered them.

	_Ethan: "There is no one at the level of Baron Puppy Kicker."_

[[Cooper Ellys]] and [[Veda Sulati]] arrive and sign up together, the initial contract is a little vague as they're not going to assign people to lancer units until they know how many people they have. As lancers we get small private rooms like a hotel. While waiting, Cooper wanders her hallway and finds someone ([[Giani]]) to play cards with in an attempt to gather information. 

	*Ethan: "What kind of, are you going for like a child's card game or poker?"*
	*Angela: "She brought her yu-gi-oh deck."*

Cooper suggests a simple game of poker and Giani suggests making it more interesting with some very strong drinks. Cooper agrees to have one over the course of the game, and Giani says he'll just drink her share, which makes the game get much easier as they go. Cooper idly asks if he's heard of any names from her list, but he hasn't.

[[Evelyn Garve]] takes longer to read the contract out of concern it will lock her out of her usual work. She thinks it looks odd but her NHP assures her it's fine.

	*Chris: "You just run it through your NHP and it says 'become ungovernable.'"*
	*Angela rolls again to see if she believes the NHP. "That's a one!"*
	*Chris: "It took you two rolls."*

Eventually we receive a summons to meet in room and report to Officer [[Lance Beal]]. 

	*Chris: "Really? Lance Lancer?"*
	*Ethan: "Yes."*
	*Angela: "Lance Lancer."*
	*Jessee: "Does he have a dragonite?"*
	*Ethan: "He does not."*
	*Angela: "Corporal Lance Lancer."*

Cooper and Veda get there first and catch up briefly, Evelyn arrives and introduces herself. Evelyn recognizes Veda's name, and we do brief introductions.

	*Angela: "It'd be weirder if I didn't know your name, right?"*
	*Chris: "You made your DC 10 bardic knowledge roll."*
	*Angela: "Did I?"*
	*Chris: "You didn't roll it, so yes."*

We discuss what everyone pilots and that if there are three of us in a unit they must be dealing with something formidable. After a bit Lance enters and greets us. He tells us this is his first command and we've been stationed at [[Tal Astero]].

They've been getting reports from rural residents about being harassed by insurgents with mechs, some of which have been odd. The royal garrison has been unable to find anything or stop it. The locals have petitioned for support, and we're being sent. It's been hard for them to get a count of how many insurgents there are. They've confirmed 5 unique units, but since they're not sure how mobile the insurgents are they estimate it could be up to 50. Lance clarifies the insurgents are attacking smaller settlements to steal resources, such as ores. They don't have any footage.

Veda is concerned at the lack of information we have to work with, but there's not much else to be done for it. Evelyn and Cooper agree we can go talk to the locals and see what we can find.