---
tags:
  - notes
---
> _Angela: "I have goals, and none of them involve a good build."_

#### Victorious return and deploy

We return to the base and have a little downtime before there's any addition mission to set out on. [[Alli]] is interested in looking at major landmarks and does some sketches; since we're in the capital there are plenty of places for her to look at, including just the barracks itself. [[Cooper Ellys]] gets in touch with [[Veda Sulati]] to tell her she has a lead on the lycan parts they'd discussed, which is someone interested in unloading sketchy Horus tech, Cooper is off investigating that.

There are people requesting help moving supplies out of the hills, and we decide to head out and help. We take a high-speed rail, and get a call from [[Gwen]]. She tells us her mech is repaired, and she's deciding whether to incorporate the scratch marks into the chasis or repair them.

> _Angela, whispering: "Sick ass panther."_

Gwen warns us they just got a distress from the people who are handling the cargo operations that we're heading towards. They've got the stuff moved well, but there have been rains and now a bunch of the vehicles are stuck. Veda internally says that's gonna be a them problem since none of us can haul, but Alli points out that [[Freddy]] has a lot of cables and she recently picked up some more, due to a Lancaster license. She gives us the coordinates where they said they were stuck, and we redirect.

> _Angela: "It's big energy of some kind."_
> _Chris: "That could be the Manticore tagline."_

We make it to a train depot attached to a town who has maybe never seen mechs before, so we've gathered a small crowd.

> _Jessee: "The advantage of lycan over manticore is htat I don't actually explode and damage nearby allies. It's a choice."_
> _Ethan: "I mean, manticore doesn't have to do that either, it's just an option you have, and it's a waste of resources to not use it."_
> _Chris: "Just because you have the option doesn't mean it's a waste of resources to not use it."_
> _Jessee: "It's its core, it is a waste of resources."
> _Ethan: "Are you just gonna let the enemies of the godhead go uncastigated?"_

#### Hauling scrubs out of the mud

We head out and up the mountain. It's raining and muddy, but we're all in mech so it sucks less than it might.  We find a group of effectively caterpillar trucks, who have gotten stuck in the rock and mud. For any of us who are heavy enough it's like stepping in quicksand. There's a lot of chaos and people yelling unproductively. Veda addresses the person who seems most in charge, who is holding a bullhorn, and tells him we can help. Alli and Freddy have cables and set themselves up to haul, struggle to not sink into the mud, and barely manage to pull the biggest vehicle free.

They thank us for getting them out, and ask if we're going farther up. They were supposed to do another run but some of their machines got taken out by something, with some disagreement about what exactly what. We get 'teleporting biological monsters'. We say we'll keep an eye out, and start heading up.

> _Angela: "Does anyone know if this world has bigfoots? Has big feets? Or has little big feet?"_
> _Jessee: "How would you even know about bigfoot?"_
> _Angela: "Evelyn's read a lot. I was blinded for a while, I did a lot of audiobooks."_
> _Chris: "I would assume most frontier worlds have cryptids."_
> _Jessee: "Oh yeah, there's no way not."_
> _Angela: "Cryptid is the word I wanted, isn't it."_
> _Chris and Jessee: "Yeah."_
> _Chris: "Exactly bigfoots. We're not interested in anything else. Loch ness monster, fuck off."

Quick look-ups tell us that there are some large burrowing creatures up here, but they usually don't bother anyone, and they certainly don't telelport. It gets steeper as we go. Evelynn starts to see things at the edges of her mech sensors she can't focus on; she asks the group if anyone else is having issues. Veda is also picking up some ghost signals, Puff is not.

> _Julia: "I rolled a three."_
> _Ethan: "Puff is not picking anything up, except an entire train."_

We try to pinpoint it but can't. Veda and Raiju run diagnostics but can't find anything to account for this. After a a few minutes, the sensors start converging onto one signal, and then we find a Lich, half-tangled in a tree. Raiju demands identification, and he introduces himself as Corpus and asks for help getting out of the tree. Evelyn asks how he got stuck and he says it's a long story, to which she says it's gonna take a while to get him out of the tree. 0:47:40
